# VICTRE
Virtual Imaging Clinical Trial for Regulatory Evaluation

Clinical trails are expensive and delay the regulatory evaluation and early patient access to novel devices. In order to demonstrate an alternative approach, a recent effort (known as the VICTRE project) demonstrated the replication of one such clinical trial using completely in-silico tools and compared results in terms of imaging modality performance between the human trial and the computational trial. The VICTRE trial consisted in imaging 3000 digital breast models in digital mammography and digital breast tomosynthesis system models. To make sure the tools developed in this project are useful to the community we describe in this article the components of the in silico imaging pipeline, and an alternative approach to running the software package that instead of relying on local machines makes use of compute clusters available through the internet (or cloud compute servers).

Disclaimer
==========


This software and documentation (the "Software") were developed at the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) by employees of the Federal Government in the course of their official duties. Pursuant to Title 17, Section 105 of the United States Code, this work is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of the Software, to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, or sell copies of the Software or derivatives, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so. FDA assumes no responsibility whatsoever for use by other
parties of the Software, its source code, documentation or compiled executables, and makes no guarantees, expressed or implied, about its quality, reliability, or any other characteristic. Further, use of this code in no way implies endorsement by the FDA or confers any advantage in regulatory decisions. Although this software can be redistributed and/or modified freely, we ask that any derivative works bear some notice that they are derived from it, and any modified versions bear some notice that they have been modified. 
